Formatting Style:


Methods - PascalCase
Variables and Functions - camelCase
Constants - UPPERCASE

Important things to keep in mind:

1.) Single line comments should be done using // and multiline comments should be done using /* */, depending on the language.

2.) All functions should follow a single responsibility principle. If a function is doing more than one thing, it should be broken down into smaller functions.

3.) Please avoid using magic numbers in the code. They should be declared as constants and used.

4.) Please comment your code wherever necessary.



Responsibility Breakdown: (Temporary)
1.) Backend (Node.js or .NET Core) - All three of us

2.) Database (MySQL or MariaDB) - All three of us

3.) C# Bot - Joseph , or anyone who is comfortable with C#

4.) Website(JS) - Aaron, Vince

5.) System Deployment - Joseph



System Design Specifications (What each part of the system should do, you can add more if you want):
Backend System:
1.) Responsible for calling the Hypixel API and then storing and updating the data in the database.
2.) Responsible for sending the data to the website and the bot.
3.) Main Logic for the market prices and the profit calculation.
4.) Once it detects a profitable flip, it should send the data to the bot and the website.
5.) Should have a function to update the prices of the items in the database every 1 - 5 minutes depending on the configuration.
6.) Also has the logic for profit calculation of crafts.
7.) Notifies the bot and the website when a profitable craft is detected.


C# Bot:
1.) The main logic for the bot is to listen to the backend instructions and then send the data to the discord server, pinging specified roles.
2.) The bot should also have a command to check the current prices of the items in the database.
3.) We can also implement graphs in the bot to show the price history of the items.

Website:
1.) The website should display the current prices and history of the items in the database.
2.) The website should also have a section to show the current profitable flips and crafts.


Creation Order:
1.) Backend
2.) Database
3.) C# Bot
4.) Website